Add LexasCMS items to Ember Times issue 157 (#716)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-07-24-the-ember-times-issue-157.md

---

## [LexasCMS: Introducing the JSON:API Content Delivery API 🎉](https://www.lexascms.com/blog/introducing-the-jsonapi-content-delivery-api/)

Have you been looking to integrate a headless CMS with your Ember.js application?

> LexasCMS recently shipped a new **JSON:API compliant content delivery API** which aims to make this easier then ever before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LexasCMS recently shipped a new **JSON:API compliant content delivery API** which aims to make this integration easier than ever before.
```

Read the [release blog post](https://www.lexascms.com/blog/introducing-the-jsonapi-content-delivery-api/) for more information.

---

## [New Ember Data addon for LexasCMS released ⚡️](https://github.com/LexasCMS/ember-data-lexascms)

> [Michael Donaldson (@mike183)](https://www.github.com/mike183) has published the new **ember-data-lexascms** addon for easily integrating LexasCMS with any Ember.js application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!--alex ignore easy-->
[Michael Donaldson (@mike183)](https://www.github.com/mike183) has published the new **ember-data-lexascms** addon for easily integrating LexasCMS with any Ember.js application.
```

This is from the alex linter, this change will fix the Travis CI build
